alphabetical sorting now understands shorthands (#85)
hudochenkov/postcss-sorting: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

> ## 5.1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 5.0.1
```

> * `alphabetical` sorting now puts shorthands before their longhand forms even if that isn't alphabetical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed: `properties-order: "alphabetical"` now puts shorthands before their longhand forms even if that isn't alphabetical to avoid broken CSS. E. g. `border-color` will be before `border-bottom-color`.
```
